[v7.4.x] Expressions: Add option to disable feature (#30558)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

### default_timezone

Used as the default time zone for user preferences. Can be either `browser` for the browser local time zone or a time zone name from the IANA Time Zone database, such as `UTC` or `Europe/Amsterdam`.

## [expressions]

> >Note: This is available in Grafana v7.4 and later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This feature is available in Grafana v7.4 and later versions.
```

### enabled

> Set this to `false` to disable expressions and hide them in the Grafana UI. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Set this to `false` to turn off expressions and hide them in the Grafana UI. Default is `true`.
```
